Update getting-started-basics.md (#268)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 4.1/getting-started-basics.md

<a name="backpack-design"></a>
### Front-End Design

> Backpack installs the [CoreUI](https://coreui.io) HTML theme, and our own design on top - [Backstrap](https://backstrap.net). It uses Bootstrap 4, and has many HTML blocks ready for you to use. When you're building a custom page in your admin panel, it's easy to just copy-paste the HTML from our [Backstrap demo](https://backstrap.net), or from the [CoreUI documentation](https://coreui.io/docs/getting-started/introduction/), and it looks good, without you having to design anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backpack installs the [CoreUI](https://coreui.io) HTML theme, and our own design on top - [Backstrap](https://backstrap.net). It uses Bootstrap 4, and has many HTML blocks ready for you to use. When you're building a custom page in your admin panel, it's easy to just copy-paste the HTML from our [Backstrap demo](https://backstrap.net), or from the [CoreUI documentation](https://coreui.io/docs/getting-started/introduction/) and it will look good, without you having to design anything.
```
